Linger's father knows he owes you a lot over the years
But for my sake
Let me go
Apologize to your sister
Admit your mistake
kneel down
Sorry sister
It's all my fault
What dog eyes see you
I'm sorry for you
Sorry, sorry.
Let me go with you
Tianzong
Forget it, they are my family after all
There is no need to rush into the killing village
Listen to you
Now the Ye family has gone bankrupt
It won't lift the nest
But remember me
If you dare to bully again in the future
Then I will make death lifeless
Understand
Understand tomorrow brother
Are you all right?
Why don't we leave the mall?
Why are you leaving?
Tear our family to pieces
We must avenge this revenge
But they are so strong
How?
I heard that one of the eight major outposts in the capital
Xiao Lingtian likes beautiful women the most
We just need to give him the picture of the leaf
He will definitely shoot
Help us deal with this pure field
Beijing is developed
Xiao Li shot
Let this kid die without a burial